# Ubidots HTML Canvas

This repository provides the library that is used to communicate
[Ubidots' HTML Canvas](https://help.ubidots.com/en/articles/754634-html-canvas-widget-examples) widgets with the
dashboard.

For now it provides access to the following events:

- A device has been selected in the dashboard
- The date range of data shown in the dashboard has changed.
- A new token has been generated by Ubidots.
- The real time status has changed

It provide the following 'setters' methods

- setDashboardDevice: Ability to set the selected device in a dynamic dashboard

- setDashboardDateRange: Ability to set the date and time range in a dashboard, dynamic or static.

- setRealTime: Ability to turn on or off the dashboard read time update

- refreshDashboard: Ability to refresh the dashboard  data in all widget

## Usage

If you want to use this library in your Ubidots' HTML Canvas, you can read the following article in our help center.

[HTML Canvas: Interacting with account data](https://help.ubidots.com/en/articles/2508317-html-canvas-interacting-with-account-data)

## Development environment

### Requirements

- Node v10 or greater. We recommend using the latest LTS version (Node 12 at the time of writing this README).
- Yarn

### Generate production file

After you clone this repository in your local machine you must execute the following steps in order to generate the
production file:

- Install the dependencies of the project: `yarn install`.
- Transpile the src files: `yarn build`.

You must now have folder called `build/` in the projects' root folder which contains two files:

- `ubidots-html-canvas.js`
- `ubidots-html-canvas.js.map`

### Run tests

If you'd like to run the current tests of the project you must execute the following command: `yarn unit` which will
run every file that is in the `tests/` folder.
